# TubbyMon-RPG-JAVA
An RPG game coded in Java using Teletubbies as heros and various popular figures as the enemies

This was my grade 12 computer science summative in which we were tasked to implement all of our learning from the course into one project and build it from scratch. We were given two weeks to complete this task. I choose to create an RPG like game because it implements GUI's, arrays, menus, and even some complex algorithms. I was also able to implement music, a credits screen and sound effects. The user starts of the game by selecting which Teletubby they want to be. Each tubby has their strengths (i.e the red one has more damage but less health) and they each counter each other (i.e red tubby does extra damage against the green tubby). The user is then asked to name their character. The user is then brought to a screen in which they can either recover their health to max, wait 5 to 10 seconds for a wild Tubbymon to appear or a third option which is not available until a later level. I did not have the time to implemnt a user interface where the user would walk around and have control of a character due to limited time. If the user selects the battle button then the user will prompted into battle. Once in battle, the user has 4 options, attack, or use a attack potion, defense potion or use a health potion. The user will battle this wild Tubbymon until either the user wins or the CPU wins. I was not able to implement a visual effect to show that an attack had been performed due to time constraints. If the CPU wins then the game ends but if the user wins they will gain EXP points. Once the user obtains enough EXP points they will level up and become stronger. The CPU also gets progressivly stronger as well. Once the user reaches level 15, they will have the option to challange the final boss. If the user is able to defeat the final boss, they will have won the game.


You can try out my game with this link to my dropbox. You can open up my project on a Java IDE such as Netbeans and inspect my code. The file is compressed as a ZIP file and you can access it by downloading the ZIP, then unzipping the file and opening up an IDE to access it:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/k8b6wzqekqo7gxa/EPICGAME.zip?dl=0


